Commissioner, I would like to stress certain points which you must take into account in the Council's final decision on reform of the common organisation of the wine market.
A number of Member States are engaging in delaying tactics to gain the temporary support of the others in a while, such as the accession countries, which also may well be advocates of weakening necessary regulation.
I would like to make three demands: first of all, we need a specific fund, because objectively there is a contradiction between expectations for funds to promote economic development, rural development, and sustaining the land in accordance with Natura 2000.
This - as I see it - fundamental aspect is lacking in the report, and I have therefore abstained from voting.
The higher taxes are, the more taxpayers will look for ways to circumvent their tax obligations.
But that law does show that Congress began treating the corporate role in elections differently than an individual's in 1907.
Food relief programs are distributing more food this year than last year
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the expectations of the Belgian Presidency are rightly high, and with regard to the enforcement of respect for human rights the Belgian Presidency can certainly play a notable role.
We welcome the participation in that Group of Carlos Westendorp, Chairman of the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, and of Karl von Wogau.
Musharraf had made a case against Nawaz Sharif for hijacking a plane.
M Asif b Johnson.........
But I believe they are smarter than Vitter gives them credit for," Melancon said.
A fog cannot be dispelled by a fan
Birds of same feather flock together
Do evil and look for like
Good mind, good find
His wits are gone a wool gathering
Avarice is root of all evils
Gather thistles & expect pickles
Drowning man catches at straw
Hard nut to crack
As the King so are the subjects
Pure gold does not fear the flame
'Think of me,’ wrote Cavell, 'as a nurse who tried to do her duty.
In the implementation of the various policies, the results achieved must be taken into account and variable expenses should, whenever possible and when their scale so demands, be made subject to regular cost-benefit evaluations.
There's a slight pause while I consider what he said, and he probably wonders why he said it.
In France, I would, of course, advocate a referendum.
In a letter sent Monday to Pacific Gas & Electric, which had discharged the chromium decades ago, water regulators said wells near Hinkley are showing increased concentrations of the cancer-causing substance despite efforts to contain it.
I played baseball, ran track in high school and I played soccer.
Sri Lanka, West Indies: Rain in the first match
Young for one,s years
The less people think the more they talk
The fool thinks nothing done right unless he has done it himself
A thread will tie an honest man better than a rope a rogue
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself. Do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed
In a report released Tuesday, DiNapoli said profit might decline 69 percent from last year's record $61.4 billion, but may have settled near levels more in line with pre-crisis amounts.
Now we also have to achieve a successful conclusion to the next Intergovernmental Conference and the next amendment of the Treaties.
Much of this is parody of gassy intellectualism, but more of it is an exploration of the complexities of religious expression that will provoke and amuse anyone serious about the nature of faith.
Rundown Liverpool area to be revamped in £200m scheme
The six surrounding windows are smaller and shaped like trapezoids.
This report is available and the President himself referred to it.
Had it not been for the European Parliament, they could have remained ignorant, and there is now a rather special form of democratic deficit that amounts to the inability either to hear or to read.
Last, but not least, several amendments even aim at regulating how the public should be informed - newspapers, mail, Internet - and go as far as imposing certain obligations on the mayors of municipalities.
It would be logical if the resources available were to be concentrated in the remaining 11 projects, giving them a shot in the arm and ensuring that they can be implemented with the necessary drive.
Reports in India have blamed Pakistan-based groups of being behind the two attacks on the Indian embassy in Kabul over the past two years and the 26 February attacks.
â€“ B5-0437/03 tabled by Hannes Swoboda and Maria Carrilho, on behalf of the PSE Group;
Life is the name of liveliness
Experience is the greatest teacher
A burnt child dreads the fire
Time and tide wait for none
A stitch in time saves nine
Time is a big healer
An appropriate action at the right time and right place is appreciated
In the hour of need, fools are praised and respected
Better late than never
Do not put off till tomorrow what you can do today
Love is blind
Everything is fair in love and war
Love begets love
A cheerful heart aims at festivities
A friend in need is a friend indeed
Every visitor is not a friend
The enemy of a friend is an enemy; the enemy of an enemy is a friend
Reunion is subordinate to survival
A mother’s prayer brings heavenly air
Keep your friends close but your enemies closer
Health is wealth
Healthy body, healthy mind
Prevention is better than cure
Get well soon
Rest in peace
Stay happy
O Allah keep us safe from fire of jahanum
O Allah keep us safe from evil eye
Have safe journey
May Allah give you a healthy baby
Some other time
I am pleased to report that the receipt of this major order during the quarter led to a very strong bookings performance.
Fourthly, it will aim at proposing ways on how the EU could contribute to accelerating the process towards the achievements of the MDGs and notably, MDG1 in view of the upcoming review of the MDGs in September 2010 in New York.
It is narrated on the authority of Ali Murtaza that the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) said: Whoever has the necessary equipment for Hajj and has a ride that can take him to the House of Allaah and then he does not perform Hajj, it does not matter if he is a Jew. By dying or becoming a Christian.
Each time, the authorities panicked, as is the case again now.
The proposed system for monitoring the level of financial reserves through an independent body can, with the right organisation, create the conditions for a nuclear facility to accumulate during its operating life sufficient funds to finance environmentally-friendly decommissioning, and that should be our objective.
Undoubtedly, the knowledge of the unseen belongs to Allah Almighty alone, but He has bequeathed a great thing to His caliph Man on earth, and that great gift of nature is a unique gift of consciousness, intellect and insight for the children of Adam. Creatures are relatively deprived.
Marissa Kastanek had 21 points and Nikitta Gartrell added 13 points for North Carolina State (20-14).
As time has gone by, the internal market has demonstrated its benefits to the consumer as well as to European businesses, and it has contributed to our economic growth.
Since 2003, the Commission has put in place a system to look at the economic, social and environmental impact of all its major proposals.
In Illinois, after an incredibly close race, it appears that Republican Mark Kirk has won a Senate seat against Democrat Alexi Giannoulias after an extraordinarily ill-natured campaign – voters being offered the choice between “a thief and a liar”.
The year 2004 was hugely significant for the European Union: a year of historic enlargement, European elections, a new Commission and intense debate about the Constitution.
We have to be careful now that we use this gift wisely and that we avert some of the scenarios that we've talked about.
Quake in western China kills 400, buries more
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, my sincere thanks to Parliament's representatives at the Intergovernmental Conference.
OutServe represents about 1,000 active-duty gay service members, and Knights Out speaks for gay and lesbian West Point alumni, staff and faculty.
Retired Lt Gen Lazaro Sumbeiwyo was chief mediator in the Sudan peace talks.
We will be producing a communication shortly on an issue which this Parliament feels passionately about, that is, how we can ensure that election observation is conducted as comprehensively and sensibly as possible without diminishing the integrity of the institutions which do it.
US mobile infrastructure is, indeed, a shambles.
For example, the meat industry and retail trade have raised all kinds of practical objections and pointed at the red tape which too detailed information would entail.
Our society will be forced to change its methods of production and consumption in a way that the citizens may not yet be sufficiently aware of.
Valuation – revising 12-month PO to 350p We estimate the shares have risen 50% year-to-date and 14% over the last month.
Well done to Nani for threading a low pass past three players in the box.
This is in accordance with the Rules of Procedure.
I was always sick while working in that environment, in and out of the doctor's office.
Earnhardt's car flipped upside down when the car behind him hooked his rear bumper, sending him sailing onto his roof along the superstretch.
Once named Koromo, the community in 1959 changed its name to mirror that of its largest employer.
While we should be ready to discuss Russia's wish for a wider debate on international energy security architecture, I think we will also want, above all, to establish the essentials of our bilateral energy relationship.
School closures ease flu fears
Mr Waterson said: "I naturally appreciate that merchant shipping now relies on satellite navigation, although this is not always foolproof.
Vonn made a perfect start to her bid for a second gold when she set the fastest time after Thursday's downhill leg, but faces a tough challenge holding out Germany's Maria Riesch, the reigning slalom world champion, who was second after the downhill run.
That is why another line of his poem reads, “Do not adultery commit;/Advantage rarely comes of it,” and it says towards its end, “Bear not false witness;/Let the lie/Have time on its own wings to fly.”
"They did a real nice job of protecting the football and keeping it away from us on third-downs.
In parallel with this initiative, ECHO will continue the cooperation with Unicef.
As the map of oil demand changes, the world's biggest producers like Russia and Saudi Arabia are turning their attention to growth markets and reducing supplies to Europe and the United States, the IEA said.
Ban made a stop at the plaza in front of the severely damaged National Palace where thousands of Haitians were camped out and a group of men and boys were shouting that they needed food, water and work.
Technological development is what we really need to promote.
Come to terms/make terms
A dog’s life
Find fault with
Go up in smoke
To dust the furniture
To tidy up the room 
To rake the leaves
Feeding pets
To do laundry
To iron clothe
To clean bathroom 
To prepare meals
To beat the rug
What a lovely
What did you break?
I wish I could but
I can’t I’m afraid
He tried too
It’s quite possible
You are talking nonsense
Rubbish
It was not good film. Was It? 
What a shame
Believe me
Never tell a lie
You know it
Tell me everything
How did it break?
Put your toys back
Be happy in that
After uploading video! Went straight to sleep
Boring video put me to Sleep
I will stay up tonight
I don’t feel like sleeping right now
He went to sleep with his Shoes on
He sleeps on his stomach
Go on
What's going on?
Don't make a noise
Tell me truth
Tell me your story
Please! Wake up early
As fierce as a tiger
As fast as hare
As faithful as Dog
As fair as a rose
As empty as an idiot’s
As dumb as a statue
As dry as bone
As dirty as a pig
As difficult as beginning
Yogurt
Please! Allow me
Please! brush your teeth
Please! boil it
Keep it in your mind
“It’s not about getting a lot of money and moving to Florida and buying a boat.”
As a substitute he has more often come on with around 25 minutes left.
At the moment, while companies are experiencing great difficulties as a result of the economic crisis, it seems that all our resources should be focused on saving energy and the modernisation and construction of clean power stations which, instead of storing carbon, will dramatically reduce CO2 emissions without incurring additional costs.
Suspect unknown to the victim
I hear the voices of critics raising their fingers in warning and quoting this proverb.
“ I think it's disgusting that no-one is being charged.
We all acknowledge that the entire Balkan region remains volatile and potentially unstable, which is why clarity is absolutely indispensable.
I believe that, together with his colleague Mr Jarzembowski, he spent most of his time trying to get a common position.
The government has backed down once before in the past year when faced with outcries on the Internet.
The Arch is in pieces now, although there are plans for its reconstruction, but the lodges remain, and here are carved the names of the towns accessible from Euston (albeit sometimes with a few changes of train).
A creditable ambition which can bring them closer to monetary union, but something against which I would put question marks at this stage.
As far as cancer is concerned, the differences in survival rates between the new and old Member States are such that we can talk about an 'Iron Curtain in health'.
During the trial, the boy, identified as Majd R, said he feared for his life as one of the soldiers ordered him at gunpoint to open a suspect bag.
My credit score is 675 and I have less than 2k on my one and only credit card.
The new regulation will introduce a new legal precedent.
At three of them under-age volunteers were able to buy petrol - a 60% failure rate.
However, once it found out how that would work – or, rather, not work – in practice, the Dutch Parliament reconsidered it, because it realised that the data retention proposal was simply not workable.
Steuer said she and Szolkowy have been training intensely since Tallinn to make up for lost ice time.
This has created enormous problems in our decision-making and reporting back to Parliament.
This so-called "ER stress" activates a cascade of events that suppress the body's response to insulin, and is a key link between obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Q. Back to “Psych”: What can viewers look forward to?
He also appears to have a fondness for women's clothes, which has only served to fuel his status as a fashion icon.
It was almost four years ago that Roman Stocker, an associate professor at MIT's department of civil and environmental engineering, became interested in how his cat, Cutta Cutta (or "Stars Stars" translated from an Australian aboriginal language), drank.
However, during the third quarter, First Financial used a portion of its liquidity to purchase $154 million of FNMA / FHMLC mortgage backed securities and prepay $232 million of FHLB advances, which helped to offset the net effect of muted loan activity.
We discussed it in committee, during the meeting of 30 April.
My colleague, Mrs Evans addressed another important point, namely the ethic that permeates the Cartagena Protocol and that is based on the requirement for countries that do not want to produce or consume GMOs in any form to be entitled to refuse them.
Secondly, in relation to the rules on competition, the Communication opts for deepening the process of reform underway, and this deserves our support.
Its previous target was 3.5 percent.
The names of the two officers and the nature of the penalties against them were not disclosed in the report, but based on their rank and title at the time of the incident, local media identified them as Gaza Division Commander Brig. Gen. Eyal Eisenberg and Givati Brigade Commander Col. Ilan Malka.
Of all people, it is the Albanians, who are now being integrated into the transitional council, who ought in fact to have a little more idea as to what is in store for them.
Mr President, I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Callanan, for being extremely professional and inclusive when conducting the negotiations.
Point Blank	
Past Master	
Rainy Day	
Scot Free	
Moot Point	
Uphill task	
Tall talk	
Slow coach
Snake in grass	
Bag and baggage	
Castles in air	
Cat and dog life	
Man of words	
Storm in cup of tea		
Greek to me	
Once In a blue moon	
Let sleeping dogs lie	
Man of straw	
Sell like hot cake	
Far cry from	
To cut the long story short	
Be up in arms	
To the bitter end	
Below one’s dignity	
Birds of feather	
At the eleventh hour	
Bolt from the blue	
By hook or by crook	
Call a spade a spade	
Eat one’s words	
Feather one’s nest	
Make both ends meet	
Nip in the bud	
Throw light on	
Run short	
Pocket the insult
Hair Breadth Escape
Above Board
Beat about the bush
Add fuel to fire
An oily tongue
For the Union to adopt legislation, we should not forget that it first needs a legal base in the Treaties - treaties which have been ratified by each and every national parliament.
The attacks on Google are the latest in a string of high-profile cyber attacks that Wall Street analysts said have helped security companies outperform the broader technology market.
I am very pleased that they are going to be brought in line with the working time directive.
But now, as she falls apart mentally and physically in Ant and Dec's tropical theatre of cruelty, we who believe that there is more to life than health – and that you are what you do, not what you eat – are having our day in the sun.
O Sikh gentleman, no Sikh fan
Iraqi forces stormed the church later that evening, freeing the hostages and ending the standoff.
She's thought about buying a car, but "the streets are very congested."
Allowing Europol to use these systems would have security benefits for Europe's citizens, and I would therefore welcome the start of a discussion along these lines.
Mr Koukiadis' report directly concerns only the first of what are now three directives on working time.
I also share your point of view according to which the European Works Council Directive will also have, sooner or later, to be updated.
You came
There was a nice map presented by the government reflecting just that.
Fund management in Scotland has, almost unnoticed and in total contrast to the banking failure, boomed in the past year.
The Commission strongly believes that a system of dissuasive, proportionate and harmonised sanctions and accompanying measures is the key to compliance with the regulation.
Sethji said in an omniscient manner.
A case in point is Portugal, where the number of vessels has dwindled year on year.
However, it is important to remember that agriculture produces food and without food we are not going very far.
I want to stress, first and foremost, that both fall within the Member States' national competence in terms of practical implementation.
The collapse of the Arab League summit is tragic, but there is yet hope that reference will still be made to human rights and democracy, which are the places from which we have to begin.
In Georgia, entertainment events were cancelled and TV shows were dedicated to the late Olympian.
Please support me in ensuring that we adhere to our basic European principles, to our April resolution – and let us not amend paragraph 26 of the Moscovici report.
We also would like to draw attention to the fact that errors highlighted in the report should not be mistakenly understood as irregularities or possibly even abuses.
These prosaic comparisons deaden the strange poetry and otherness of the objects themselves – something that runs counter to the aim of the project as a whole.
Marianne Abderhalden of Switzerland was third, 0.38 seconds behind Vonn.
As outlined by prosecutors and a Securities and Exchange Commission complaint, Mrs. Sladich, beginning in 2004, began soliciting investors for what she said was a risk-free real estate investment that would double their money.
He added: "Only decisive action carried out with complete honesty and transparency will restore the respect and goodwill of the Irish people toward the Church to which we have consecrated our lives," he said.
The country can already be seen to be making progress towards the transition to a functioning market economy, although there is still a long way to go.
The Iceland saga is a harbinger of crises to come
The money would go directly into Irish banks to shore up investor confidence, he added.
That is why we need a three-dimensional pact with the citizens of Europe because there are limits to austerity policies and we need to promote a policy of growth and employment through investment in order to redefine our economic model and fulfil the objectives of the Europe 2020 Strategy.
They face criticism from some business owners and state residents who see a ban as too much meddling in their lives.
A desperate man all things can
A drop in to the ocean
A fair exchange is no robbery
A figure among the ciphers
A fair face need no paint
A foe in friend’s guise is the most dangerous
A fog cannot be displayed by a fan
A golden key open all locks
A good name is better than riches
A guilty mind need no accusation
A jaundiced eye sees everything yellow
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing
A little pot is soon hot
A man is known by the company he keeps
A nine days’ wonder
A nod to the wise and a rod to the fool
A person of no principles
A person try to be on two sides goes nowhere
A priest goes no father then the church
A prophet is seldom honored in his own country
A rolling-stone gather no moss
A sleeping fox catches no poultry
A stitch in time saves nine
A tree is known by the fruit that it bears
A wise coming true
A wise foe is better the foolish friend
A wolf in lamb's clothing
A wolf in sheep's clothing
A word once uttered cannot be recalled
A word to the wise is enough
All that glitters are not gold
All that glitters are not gold
All that glitters are not gold
All the kittens are equal near cat
All work and no play make Jake a dull boy
An idle brain is devil's workshop
An open door will tempt a saint
An uninvited guest is never welcomed
As long as there is a life there is a hope
As son like as father
Broken Reed
Fourth, the implementation of the Doha Decision concerning the granting of compulsory licences for the export of patented medicines to countries with insufficient manufacturing capacity.
(DE) Madam President, as we are all aware, the financial markets and the securities traded on them are becoming increasingly complex, and thus increasingly opaque and incomprehensible to investors.
Violence was the greater threat, whether from other youths or the guards, who are known as youth counselors.
It was unclear what the government or the court would do next.
We have had real debates here.
Willis said the lawmakers had been in a rush to publish something before Britain's next national election, which is widely expected in just over a month's time.
If this is actually a member's photo, ask an administrator to delete the post.
The sleet came miserably down, then the snow, but even Barry Geraghty, who had just returned from a Parisian honeymoon, seemed pleased to be there.
You were kind enough to refer to my own report, which hopefully will be on the agenda at the next part-session.
The global capital will simply move to where there is no cost for emitting CO2.
Qantas spokesman Tom Woodward said the airline's checks were already complying with the new EASA order, and there had been no new discoveries of any problems.
'Lost': Ben gets his doctorate
Iran, Saudi Arabia and Yemen also execute young people under the age of 18.
Martinhal Beach, Portugal
I know that, at present, this is not a European competence, but this should change.
in writing - (PL) I approve of the fact that the European Parliament has focused on rising food prices.
The story pits Homer against power plant owner Mr Burns (age 104, social security number 000-00-0002), who tries to break the strike by bribing Homer - only to have the offer misinterpreted as a sexual advance.
I am slowly finding it intolerable that we are constantly, in this context, being told that there is the possibility of cheating, that there is room for fraud and so on.
And this is without the cost of servicing the risk capital.
She remained at the helm until her retirement aged 80.
Neither have been picked for this tournament, presumably because of their ongoing struggles with egomania, acute attitude-strain and - in the case of the former - chronic big-bonedness.
Death devours the lamp as well as the wolf
Death keeps no calendar
Death with friends is a festival
Democracy is the best revenge
Diamond cuts diamond
Do evil and look for like
Do not put off till tomorrow what you can do today
Do not take up old quarrels
Do well and have well
Drowning man catches a straw
Dry bread at the home is better than the roasted meat abroad
Eat one’s words
East or west home is the best
Easy come easy go
Embark first debark last
Empty vessels make much noise
Even walls have ears
Every cock fights best its own dunghill
Every day has its night
Every man knows his business best
Everything is permitted in love and war
Everything looks beautiful in its own season
Every tide has its ebb
Every tub must stand upon its own bottom
Evidence does not need proof
Example is better than precept
Expect no good in return
Feather one’s nest
Face the music
Far cry from
First come first serve
First sow first mow
For a born fool, there is no school
Forbidden fruits are sweet
Forgiveness is the noblest revenge
Friends fall off in adversity
Greek to me
Gather thistles expect pickles
Gone is the goose that laid golden egg
Good fortune is never good till it is lost
Good mind good Find
Grapes are sour
Great boast little rost
Great cry little wool
Greed is cruse
Hope for the best, prepare for the worst
Haste makes waste
Hair Breadth Escape
Habit is second nature
Handsome is that handsome does
He who dig pit for others falls himself into it
Health is wealth
Honesty is the best policy
Honey is not for the ass’s mouth
His wits are gone a wool gathering
It is no use crying over spilt milk
In a deep water
I stout you stout who will carry the dirt out
If the sky falls we shall catch the larks
Ignorance of law is no excuse
Ill got ill spent
It is hard nut to crack
It is heard to live in Rome and fight the Pope
It is never too late to mend
It is no use telling to stones
It takes two to quarrel
It Takes Two to Make a Quarrel
Let by-gones be by-gones
Let the sleeping dogs lie
Let's see which way the wind bellows
Like master like servant